hi guys this is a tutorial about break
from school it's a really really
beautiful song and really easy to play
so I'm gonna play it one time so you can
hear how it sounds and after that I'm
gonna break it down for you step-by-step
so you can see for yourself how to play
so let's give it a go
so that was the song help you liked it
and I'm gonna break it down for you so
you can learn how to play that so first
of all you got your capo and sound
threat so in a minute I'm gonna explain
you the song the eighth fret told me my
first 912e second so 1 2 3 4 5 ok so I
start off by putting your ring finger on
the 3rd fret of your a string yeah but
you're gonna pluck it at the same time
as your B string
after that you're gonna pluck your G in
the e-string
and pluck the a and the B string again
so it's like
just at the second time you pluck your a
and B string you're gonna do a hammer on
on the first fret so it's like
then you put your pinkie also on the
third fret just like
so the second time I did my hammer on
when instead of adding my pinky I just
did it pull off so so far we got
after that you take your ring finger and
lower it three steps down to one two
three on your B string you want to pluck
it at the same time as your low E string
see you do that once I mean once more
you're gonna add your thumb on the
second fret and release your B string
and then shove it up one fret it's like
so you do that twice so so far we get
so when you did that you're gonna go
back to where you started to ring finger
on the third fret of the a-string this
I'm gonna replace your ring finger with
your middle finger and instead of
plucking your B string you gotta plug
your a string your E string I'm sorry
it's the same thing
are you gonna do this again
you're gonna repeat that
and then shove it up till your seventh
fret so 14th without the capo and then
the same thing go back two steps
go back to the beginning of that part
and do this again
so that was a video and let me know what
you thought about it and give me some
feedback and don't forget a subscribe
Diane I hope you enjoyed it and maybe
it's the next time